alright guys I'm just gonna as you can
see you guys I got some brickarms so i
can improve my videos and i'm going to
start making the world war two series
document series of battles and it's
gonna be pretty awesome so in order to
improve the quality i got some break
arms and i'll just quickly show you guys
the order form so you guys know what I
got I i took out the personal
information they folded it back so you
guys don't be able to like see it or
anything anyways what is God that Oh
next part so yeah okay Tommy mounted
weapons okay I'm not gonna pick the
helmets up or anything just gonna sway
them with this I got for Germans doll
helm world war two helmets and I got for
American and more helmets so I'm going
to be using those in the world war two
movies i'm going to making so that's
pretty awesome i think all right time to
get started on the weapons first things
first i ordered two and one grand if he
doesn't fall off okay i ordered to I'm
one grand you saw three that's because I
bought one of them before from friend of
mine burning there is in uh then I get
caught I also got to sm le rifles which
is a the British lee-enfield then I i
got for MP 40s I got two of them in
black and then I got the other two in
gunmetal then I got to black ba ours
it's really detailed
I think I got one m4 and the other one I
also bought for my friend bring me there
is in two of them then there's one of my
personal favorites the PPSh in black or
as most people call it the papaya
russian weapon World War two then there
is the classic m21 sniper rifle and
gunmetal next is the a gray combat
shotgun which is also known as this past
12 and there is a new gun at the AC 8
it's kind of a futuristic weapon and I
think it looked pretty cool so I got
that so I don't have only world war two
weapons i can get a little more like an
equal amount in like Bethenny's in the
modern then I think it's the m1a1 but
it's really called the Thompson and I
got one of those in black then five this
looks really awesome I got a silver
bazooka it looked really awesome when I
put into my card on the site so i
thought i'd get it and then I'm not
gonna pick all these things up i'm just
going to show you them like this I got
and I just focusing in a little bit of
time to focus all right I've got two
rockets I forget what they're called but
other knows that has a rocket then I got
to universal clips you clipped I got one
tactical knife in silver I go what's
really cool like that
then I got one c96 broom handle and
gunmetal then this I got a black spy
pistol which I previously bought also
from bring me there is in then I got one
a monopod it's a brown one so I can
attach it to my m1 grand and my lien
fields then I got to m67 frag grenades I
got three try um three bipods and I got
one grenade launcher so that's all that
I bought and then because my order was
over and then I got these um three
weapons the reason why I got two and not
one is because my order was over $25 so
i got this green paint ball marker which
you I know you will see in one of in
some of my videos because i already have
some ideas for tests and stuff and
become a green combat PDW and now i'm
not really sure why they're in green my
guess is because of the new is so that
they fit the new army men and such and
greens a new color to break arms so
that's what i thought that that
basically concludes all of my brickarms
and i just wanted to ask you guys a
quick question this is for my
subscribers and people who watch my
videos from last year i got this kind of
world war two army set came with these
helmets and i wanted to ask you guys
just comment if they would fit better as
American helmets or something else
because they look pretty pretty cool and
they are the same exact color as the
breadcrumbs ones so i have about three
of those so yeah thanks for watching
this video guys and I have nothing else
to say
subscribe I mad at you I'm at 210
subscribers as I make this video and um
so have a nice day and good bye